Welcome to the section number for
this section.
You're going to learn some advanced techniques in MATLAB Samuel Inc.
And this is done through real life applications in mechanical headed like in electrical systems.
And this section you will see how to use simulated canola to model and simulate think level control
will use proportional controller in order to control the level of this liquid inside this tank and also
show you how to use the controller in order to provide more accurate control action.
You will also as messes bring them our system.
We will model the system in both time domain and s domain by using specific function.
And also we will look at molding and simulation of DC several motor.
I'll show you how to type the most money and equations of the system and use a similar link in order
to simulate that you see several motor.
I'll also explain the servo mechanism and the from problems of the system.
Also even look at a quarter car model.
I will show you how to model the suspension system of a vehicle in time domain and frequency domain
or as domain.
And also will show you how to modify the system.
If you have a very damning coefficient.
So let's get it started.